ROBO_Head：This unit, start-up, success. Running self-diagnostics... complete.
ROBO_Head：Duration of this shutdown: 9 hours 27 minutes. Battery charge complete.
ROBO_Head：...... Nora...... Not here.
ROBO_Head：......
Kyuu Hou Kai Member：Chief is willing to see you two. She'll be here soon...
Kyuu Hou Kai Member：Hey, stop poking around. Do you have any idea how much a pair of eyeballs are worth on the black market?
???：Umm, N-no...
???：Come on, don't get scared so easily. Let's wait here first.
ROBO_Head：......?
ROBO_Head：Voiceprint detection... complete.
Decision: 5 Kyuu Hou Kai members, 3 outsiders.
Kyuu Hou Kai Member：Hey! Not that room!
???：What's the big deal? It's not like the door is locked. Just a quick tiny peak...
ROBO_Head：......!?
NEKO#ΦωΦ：Eh... EHHHHHHH!?
R, R, R-Ropohead!?
PAFF：It really is him! Why is he here...?
Hayato：... Who?
ROBO_Head：... Miss PAFF, MIss NEKO, greetings.